---
title: Back. Again?
tags: 
keywords: blog
summary: "Probably not the last time - 24/08/2020"
sidebar: mydoc_sidebar
permalink: 08-24-Back.html
---

## Not Special

<div style="text-align: justify">
I have lately been trying to hold on to this idea of not being special despite not really living by it in the past. However, I have noticed that most of my takes on things come from a place where I consider myself disattached from those things I am unhappy with. Also before I go on I want you to keep this word ``Hypocrite`` in mind.
<br>
I have been feeling alienated for a long time now but I am starting to think it's just in my head. Why? I started looking at things as if I am two people. One of them is complaining about not fitting in most places while still looking like he's perfectly fit and the other is the same exact person looking at himself, possibly from above. Now when looking at myself and other people as well I realized that perhaps everyone is the same but I am just bad at adapting. To be a little more precise, if you analyze what you do and what others do in similar everyday life you start to notice that it's just a series of reactions to things that get thrown their way. Not all by choice. Whether they realize that or it's just how they operate it's clear who's handling better. Those who just sit all day thinking why nothing is working the way they expect while also admitting to not having any expectations thus, always in a state of not really knowing what's wrong or those who frankly just roll. Rolling is nice since you can roll in all directions so you're not getting stuck in one place for too long given that you keep on rolling.
<br>
</div>

## Simple is Not Easy
<div style="text-align: justify">

Despite this unsprising revelation (ironically), it's not clear whether everyone should be able to do it in practice. In my case it's hard since rolling, frankly, is partially random. I have an issue with random. I can't do things for too long without having at least a small idea about why I am doing them. And obviously, random is just not good enough.
</div>

